Prepare for Mergify built-in integration (ECOINT-20) (#2487)
DataDog/integrations-extras: mergify_oauth/README.md

# Mergify

## Overview

> This integration monitors merge queue length for each configured repository in
> [Mergify][1] and tracks Mergify's global availability. By sending metrics to your
> Datadog account, you can set up monitors for anomaly alerts and analyze merge
> queue performance. You can maintain awareness of Mergify service availability
> and optimize your development workflow using this Datadog integration.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This integration monitors merge queue length for each configured repository in [Mergify][1] and tracks Mergify's global availability. By sending metrics to your Datadog account, you can set up monitors for anomaly alerts and analyze merge queue performance. You can maintain awareness of Mergify service availability and optimize your development workflow using this Datadog integration.
```
Formatting fix.

## Setup

1. Go to the [Mergify dashboard][3], log in, and navigate to **Integrations**.

> 2. Click the **Connect** button in the **Datadog** tile and you will be redirected to the Datadog authorization page.

Reviewer: We recommend instructing the user to start the flow from the Datadog side. They should find the Mergify integration in Datadog and click 'connect accounts' from there.

   ![Screenshot showing the Mergify dashboard][5]
3. Log in to Datadog to complete setup.

Your Mergify statistics now appear in Datadog.

## Uninstallation

1. Go to the [Mergify dashboard][3], log in, and navigate to **Integrations**.
2. Click the **Disconnect** button in the **Datadog** tile.

Once this integration has been uninstalled, any previous authorizations are revoked.

> Additionally, ensure that all API keys associated with this integration have been disabled by searching for the integration name on the [API Keys page][4].

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Note: Ensure that all API keys associated with this integration have been disabled by searching for the integration name on the Datadog [API Keys page][4].
```
